Bill Gates once mentioned that: **“Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.”** Sometimes that points you to focusing more on the client’s needs, other times, it warns you that you might be looking at the wrong customer. Here are the things Vinta looks for as the right customer type. These came from the constant work to try and align business value with Vinta team’s values.

## The Aspects We Look For
* Has work for at least 2 devs -> Developers demands collaboration. We don't believe in lone heroes. We believe in teams. Developers need to validate their work with each other, share experiences, discuss concerns and ways to improve. Interactions are what make the team greater than the sum of its parts.
At least 3 months -> Doing small projects over and over can make developers really good in setups and basic features of a project, but larger projects have more interesting challenges that help developers become experts
* No part-time -> Context-switch is horrible, it’s bad for morale and kills productivity. We avoid that.
Freedom to implement the process that works -> we want, primarily, to deliver end-to-end quality every step of the way. We built a software development process that guarantees just that. And we get that the client’s context might emphasize other concerns. Far from saying that our process is immutable and that we can’t adapt it to better fit the client’s team. This only means that we can add or change some things, but never neglect what we see as important, such as testing, refactoring, clear communication, etc.
* Possibilities for UX/Product improvements -> We care to deliver value beyond implementing features. How far we will be allowed to iterate is up to the client, but we value clients that want to work on this with us.
* Validated projects, with real users ->Taking chances and building entire products on hunches can lead to idleness and demotivate developers (no one likes to develop things that never see the light of day). We focus on the good feeling that is to see your code being used and solving real problems for real people.
* See us as their technical team -> We are not only a software shop with a good number of  experienced developers, we want to create something amazing together with the client. We are not choosing projects where we are invaluable in a month and disposable in the next, we want to be involved in products that last.

## Other Way These Help
Few clients fit perfectly in this mold. But this is important to avoid some problems and to validate our decisions moving forward (after we make a business decision on the company, we re-evaluate if that leaves us closer from our ideal client).